EMAIL US YOUR FAVORITE QUOTE
♪
>> Tucker: GOOD EVENING AND
WELCOME TO TUCKER CARLSON
TONIGHT.
DEMOCRAT PHIL MURPHY
REPLACED CHRIS CHRISTIE
TODAY AS GOVERNOR OF NEW
JERSEY.
ONE OF THE VERY FIRST THINGS
HE DID WAS CREATE A NEW HIGH
PROFILE STATE AGENCY.
CAN YOU GUESS WHAT IT'S
RAMPANT OPIOID ABUSE IN NEW
JERSEY, UNFORTUNATELY.
WON'T BE WORKING TO BOOST
THAT STATE'S LAGGING ECONOMY
EITHER.
IT WON'T FIX THE BUDGET
WHICH PERPETUALLY IN DEFICIT
OR FILL SOME OF THOSE
UBIQUITOUS SHOCK ABSORBERS
WHEN YOU PULL OFF FOR COFFEE
IT CERTAINLY WON'T BE
FIGHTING CRIME.
IN FACT, DOING JUST THE
OPPOSITE.
GOVERNOR PHIL MURPHY'S NEW
STATE TASK FORCE WILL EXIST
SPECIFICALLY TO SUBVERT AND
UNDERMINE AMERICA'S EXISTING
LAWS.
THE OFFICE IS CALLED THE
OFFICE OF IMMIGRANT DEFENSE
PROTECTION IT WILL OFFER
LEGAL ASSISTANCE TO ILLEGAL
IMMIGRANTS SO THEY CAN EVADE
RECEIVE THE DRIVERS LICENSES
AND TAXPAYER FUNDED COLLEGE
AID THAT GOVERNOR MURPHY
ALSO WANTS TO GIVE THEM.
SO THE MESSAGE OF ALL OF
THIS COULD NOT BE CLEARER.
GOVERNOR MURPHY'S TOP
PEOPLE WHO SHOULDN'T BE
THERE IN THE FIRST PLACE.
IF YOU DON'T BELIEVE THAT
TAKE A LOOK AT NEW JERSEY
CITIES.
NEARLY ALL OF WHICH ARE
HURTING BADLY AND HAVE BEEN
FOR GENERATIONS.
CAMDEN ACROSS THE RIVER FROM
PHILADELPHIA IS ONE OF THE
TOUCHEST PLACES ON THIS CON
CONTINUE INEPT.
UNEMPLOYMENT RATE IS MORE
THAN DOUBLE THE NATIONAL
AVERAGE.
30% OF ITS RESIDENTS LIVE
BELOW THE POVERTY LINE.
PARTS ARE SO DANGEROUS YOU
WON'T WALK DOWN THE STREET.
GOVERNOR MURPHY HAS NOT
ANNOUNCED A NEW STATE AGENCY
TO FIX THOSE PLACES.
NO OTHER LIBERAL GOVERNOR IN
AMERICA IS DOING THAT EITHER
BECAUSE, LET'S BE HONEST,
DEMOCRATS HAVE GIVEN UP ON
BLIGHTED AMERICAN
NEIGHBORHOODS.
THE SCHOOLS ARE TERRIBLE,
THEY ARE NOT GETTING BETTER.
THE PEOPLE THERE SHOOT EACH
FAMILIES, DRUG ADDICTION, IT
IS A TRAGEDY IN SLOW MOTION
AND EVERYBODY KNOWS IT.
BUT WHERE'S THE ENERGY TO
TAKE ANY OF IT BETTER TO
HELP OUR FELLOW AMERICANS?
WELL, IT'S BEEN SIPHONED OFF
TO SERVE A NEW AND MORE
FASHIONABLE CAUSE, ONE NOT
INCIDENTALLY LONG-TERM
ELECTORAL PROSPECTS.
ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS.
THAT'S THE NEW CAUSE.
AS FOR THE AMERICAN POOR,
PEOPLE WHOSE FAMILIES HAVE
BEEN HERE FOR 300 YEARS AND
ARE STILL SUFFERING AND
DYING YOUNG, AS LONG AS
DEMOCRATS TAKE THEIR VOTES
FOR GRANTED, THEY WILL
CONTINUE TO GET LIP SERVICE
THE NEW JERSEY ASSEMBLY AND
HE JOINS US TONIGHT.
THANKS FOR COMING ON.
>> THANKS FOR HAVING ME ON,
TUCKER.
>> Tucker: I CHECKED THE
NUMBERS IN NEWARK, NEW
JERSEY ABOUT 12% OF HIGH
SCHOOLERS ARE ADEQUATE IN
MATH.
IN CAMDEN, AMONG KIDS IN
GRADES 3 THROUGH 8 IT'S 7%
WHY WOULDN'T THE INCOMING
GOVERNOR MAKE THAT HIS
PRIORITY AND NOT LEGAL AID
TO ILLEGAL ALIENS.
>> I THINK YOU ARE UNFAIR IN
THE PREMISE YOU SAID.
FIRST AND FOREMOST AS IT
OUR STATE THAT'S 6% OF OUR
POPULATION.
SO THEY'RE NOT THE CRIMINALS
>> Tucker: I'M NOT CALLING
THEM CRIMINALS.
WHAT I'M CALLING THEM IS
NON-AMERICANS WHICH THEY
ARE.
I THINK THEY ARE PROBABLY
MOSTLY NICE PEOPLE.
THE GOVERNMENT HATS DUTY
FIRST AND FOREMOST TO
PROTECT ITS OWN PEOPLE.
IN NEW JERSEY I USED TO LIVE
THAT PA THEY THICK AND
DANGEROUS AND THE SCHOOLS
ARE TERRIBLE.
WHERE IS THE EMPHASIS ON
THAT.
>> I DON'T KNOW WHERE YOU
SAY THE SCHOOLS IS TERRIBLE.
GOVERNOR MURPHY GOING TO
MAKE SCHOOLS FUNDING
PRIORITY.
CAN YOU PICK SCORE CITIES
AND TRY TO MAKE --
>> Tucker: IS NEWARK THE
BIGGEST CITY IN NEW JERSEY
12% OF HIGH SCHOOLERS
ADEQUATE IN MATH.
DO YOU THINK THAT'S A
SUCCESS.
BETTER.
THAT'S ONE OF THE GOVERNOR'S
PRIORITY.
I THOUGHT WE CAME TO TALK
ABOUT THE DEPARTMENT THAT IS
GOING TO LOOK AFTER THOSE
WHO ARE REFUGEES, THOSE WHO
ARE DREAMERS.
WE HAVE TO MAKE SURE THEY
HAVE ACCESS TO ADEQUATE
INFORMATION.
NO DIFFERENT THAN ADEQUATE
LEGAL SERVICES.
>> Tucker: SO I THINK WE
WILL BOTH AGREE THAT A
GOVERNMENT'S FIRST JOB IS TO
TAKE CARE OF ITS OWN
CITIZENS, THE ONES WHO PUT
IT IN POWER IN THE FIRST
PLACE, WHOSE VOTES GIVE IT
LEGITIMACY.
WILL ILLEGALS HELP NEW
JERSEY.
>> YOU ARE SKIPPING AHEAD.
WHEN IT COMES TO IT, WHAT WE
NEED TO DO WHEN YOU LOOK AT
WHAT'S HAPPENED IN THE LAST
YEAR AND A HALF OR YEAR OF
PRESIDENT TRUMP, WE HAVE
SEEN STATISTICS GO DOWN FROM
A CRIME REPORTING
PERSPECTIVE AMONG THE LATINO
POPULATION AS IT RELATES TO
DOWN BY AS MUCH AS 20%.
WHY IS THAT?
IT'S BECAUSE THEY ARE AFRAID
TO REPORT IT.
IS THAT IN OUR BEST INTEREST
TO KEEP US SAFE?
DO YOU THINK THAT CRIMINALS
ARE DISCRIMINATING AND GOING
AFTER UNDOCUMENTS?
>> Tucker: WE MAY BE HAVING
PARALLEL CONVERSATIONS.
OUR GOVERNOR SAID THE PLAN
IS TO HELP THE CHILDREN HERE
ILLEGALLY GO TO COLLEGE.
I KNOW WHY IT'S GREAT FOR
THEM AND WHY THEY ARE HAPPY
>> OVERALL YOU ARE TAKING
PEEVES THE COMPONENT WHAT WE
ARE GOING TO BE TALKING
ABOUT.
WE ARE GOING TO BE TALKING
ABOUT DRIVERS LICENSES.
GUESS WHAT, UNDOCUMENTS
DRIVE ANYWAY.
ISN'T IT BETTER TO MAKE SURE
THEY TAKE A SAFETY TEST.
BETTER PREPARED TO DO SO AND
DRIVERS GET INSURANCE.
>> Tucker: I DON'T KNOW.
PROBABLY BEST IF THEY LEFT.
SINCE THEY ARE HERE I GET IT
SINCE YOU ARE NOT GOING TO
MILLIONS OF
AFRICAN-AMERICANS,
AMERICANS, CITIZENS WHO
DON'T HAVE DRIVERS LICENSES.
WHY IS NEW JERSEY STARTING A
PROGRAM TO GET THEM DRIVERS
LICENSES, INSTEAD GIVING
THEM TO ILLEGAL ALIENS WITH
A NEW PROGRAM.
I'M MISSING IT.
>> I DIDN'T KNOW THE SHOW
YOUR VENT WAS TO FORCE
PEOPLE THEY CAN OTHERWISE
DO.
YOU WOULDN'T SUGGEST WE
SHOULD FORCE LICENSES ON
PEOPLE, RIGHT?
THAT'S NOT YOUR PHILOSOPHY.
>> Tucker: I'M NOT
SUGGESTING THAT DEMOCRATS
ARE SUGGEST WOULD HE GO
CAN'T HAVE VOTER I.D. LAWS
HERE YOUR STATE IS SAYING WE
ARE GOING TO HELP PEOPLE
HERE ILLEGALLY GET IDS.
WHY NOT HELP YOUR OWN PEOPLE
FIRST.
THAT'S THE THEME I'M ASKING
FOR.
NOT GETTING ANSWER.
>> DON'T EVEN GET INTO THE
VOTER I.D. PIECE.
PICKING ON GROUPINGS OF
PEOPLE WHO HAPPEN TO VOTE
DEMOCRATIC THAT YOU ARE
TRYING TO KEEP.
>> Tucker: I'M NOT PICKING
HELPING THEM AND INSTEAD
HELPING ILLEGAL ALIENS.
LET'S GET TO MY QUESTION
ABOUT COLLEGE AID.
SUBSIDIZING THE COST FOR
ILLEGAL ALIENS.
WHY DOES IT HELP CITIZENS OF
NEW JERSEY?
>> DIDN'T YOU SAY AS YOU
SAID YOU SHOULD THROW THEM
ALL OUT.
COULD YOU REALLY BE
SUGGESTING WE ARE GOING TO
TAKE HALF A MILLION PEOPLE
IN OUR STATE AND DEPORT
THEM?
COULD YOU BE SUGGESTING.
>> Tucker: YOU ARE NOT GOING
ANSWER.
YOU DON'T HAVE AN ANSWER.
LET'S START WITH.
>> THAT'S A DIFFERENT THING.
>> Tucker: MAYBE YOU SHOULD
START WITH EXPLAINING TO OUR
PEOPLE HERE ILLEGALLY.
HOW DOES THAT HELP THEM?
IT'S A FAIR QUESTION.
>> IT'S A FAIR QUESTION
EVENTUALLY WHEN THERE IS SAN
TOY NUGHT WITH A.
WHEN THERE IS A PATH TO
CITIZENSHIP 11 MILLION
PEOPLE HERE UNDOCUMENTED
BECAUSE THEY WILL NEVER BE
ALL REMOVED YOU KNOW THAT
THOSE ALLOWING INDIVIDUALS
TO BECOME EDUCATED WILL MAKE
THEM MORE PRODUCTIVE
WHY ISN'T IT EVER TO
PRODUCTIVE AND BETTER
CITIZENS IN OUR COUNTRY.
>> Tucker: THERE ARE LOTS OF
AMERICANS, A LOT OF
TUITION FOR THEIR KIDS.
GIVE IT TO THEM TO HELP
THEIR KIDS.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
>> WHOLE DIFFERENT TOPIC YOU
KNOW GOVERNOR MURPHY IN ONE
OF HIS PRIORITIES IS
RELATING TO HAVING JUNIOR
COLLEGES TUITION-FREE FOR
NEW JERSEY CITIZENS THAT ARE
GOOD STUDENTS.
THEY THEY ARE MUCH BY WAY OF
PROGRAMS THAT YOU ARE
FOCUSING ON THE ONE HAVING
TO DO WITH SUPPORTING THOSE
UNDOCUMENTED AND
PARTICULARLY THE DREAMERS,
OPTIONS ARE AND NOT BE
AFRAID.